changed the structure of the contrib/python folder (#5324)
geodynamics/aspect: contrib/python/README.md

Python contributions for ASPECT 
==============================

> This folder contains python function that ASPECT users can find useful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains python functions and notebooks that ASPECT users can find useful.
```

Python packages needed:
- numpy
- io 
- os
- subprocess
- sys 
- pandas
- xmltodict
- requests
- matplotlib

> - pyvista

Reviewer: Please add an environment.yml file like for the documentation (see /doc/sphinx/environment.yml). This way one can set up the conda environment as `conda env create -f environment.yml`.

Author: Done
